[ADD] VoIP: Sales Calls Workflow (#12818)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/voip/use_case_sales.rst

Make a sales call
=================

This workflow begins in the **CRM** app. As a salesperson, click into a sales opportunity. If it
does not already have a call activity scheduled, click :guilabel:`Activities`, then set the
:guilabel:`Activity Type` to :guilabel:`Call`, and then fill out the rest of the activity form, and
finally click :guilabel:`Schedule`.

From here, there are three ways to begin a phone call with the customer:

- Hover over the :guilabel:`Phone` field in the opportunity form, then click :icon:`fa-phone`
  :guilabel:`Call`.
- In the opportunity's chatter, click the customer's phone number.
- In the upper-right corner of the screen, click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon to open
  the |VOIP| widget, then click on the call from the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab, and finally
  click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon near the bottom of the widget.

Work during a call
------------------

Once the call with the customer begins, the salesperson can still move about the Odoo database.
There's also shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the salesperson can use to access common

> actions (like sending an email to the customer or pulling up their profile). Learn more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actions, like sending an email to the customer, or pulling up their profile. Learn more about
```

:doc:`the documents a salesperson can access <voip_widget>` during a call.

The salesperson can also take some actions during the call:

- :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(transfer)`: Transfer a call to another team member.
- :icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`(microphone)`: The salesperson can mute themselves during a call.
- :icon:`fa-pause` :guilabel:`(pause)`: Place the caller on hold.

.. image:: use_case_sales/voip-widget-call.png
   :alt: The VoIP widget opened to a call, showing the shortcut icons a salesperson has access to.

Handle call follow-ups
----------------------

The |VOIP| widget can handle some common follow-up tasks, but salespeople can still navigate Odoo
for tasks not available in the widget.

> Here are some of the common follow-up tasks that can be tackled from the |VOIP| widget:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some of the common follow-up tasks that can be managed from the |VOIP| widget:
```
Only because that word might not be super translatable - I can picture a lot of mistranslations =D

- Send a follow-up email sharing new product offerings to the customer using the :icon:`fa-envelope`
  :guilabel:`(envelope)` icon.
- Update the customer's mailing address by clicking on the :icon:`fa-user` :guilabel:`(user)` icon,

>   which will open their profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which opens their profile.
```

- Schedule a second call with the customer by clicking on the :icon:`fa-clock`:guilabel:`(clock)` ,
  setting the :guilabel:`Activity Type` field to :guilabel:`Call`, and then filling out the rest of
  the form.

Send a quotation while on a call
--------------------------------

If the customer's ready to see a sales quotation while on the call, the salesperson can send that
quotation without leaving the call.

> To send that quotation while on a call, the salesperson should be in the sales opportunity they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a quotation while on a call, the salesperson should be in the sales opportunity they
```

initiated the call from. From here, they'll :doc:`send the quotation as they normally would
<../../sales/sales/sales_quotations/create_quotations>`.

An added benefit of being on the call with the customer while the salesperson is sending the

> quotation is that any specific questions can get answered in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the quotation is that any specific questions are answered in real-time.
```

End the sales call
------------------

> When it is time to end the call, the salesperson can click the red :icon:`fa-phone`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it is time to end the call, the salesperson clicks the red :icon:`fa-phone`
```

:guilabel:`(phone)` icon in the lower-right corner of the |VOIP| widget. When they do, the

> salesperson can see the call logged in the opportunity's chatter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call is logged in the opportunity's chatter.
```

> If they have not done so already,
> the salesperson should go into the opportunity's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities`
> section. In this section, they should click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Mark Done` on the planned
> call so it gets removed from their :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab in the |VOIP| widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they have not done so already,
the salesperson then marks the phone call activity as done. Navigate to the opportunity's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities`
section, then click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Mark Done` on the planned
call to remove it from the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab in the |VOIP| widget.
```

.. example::
   Check out the `Odoo Academy for a video tutorial
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/sales-calls-with-voip-4562>`_ covering this workflow.

Make a sales call
=================

This workflow begins in the **CRM** app. As a salesperson, click into a sales opportunity. If it
does not already have a call activity scheduled, click :guilabel:`Activities`, then set the
:guilabel:`Activity Type` to :guilabel:`Call`, and then fill out the rest of the activity form, and
finally click :guilabel:`Schedule`.

From here, there are three ways to begin a phone call with the customer:

- Hover over the :guilabel:`Phone` field in the opportunity form, then click :icon:`fa-phone`
  :guilabel:`Call`.
- In the opportunity's chatter, click the customer's phone number.
- In the upper-right corner of the screen, click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon to open
  the |VOIP| widget, then click on the call from the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab, and finally
  click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon near the bottom of the widget.

Work during a call
------------------

Once the call with the customer begins, the salesperson can still move about the Odoo database.

> There's also shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the salesperson can use to access common

Reviewer 2: Avoid contractions
```suggestion
Also, there are shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the salesperson can use to access common
```

actions, like sending an email to the customer, or pulling up their profile. Learn more about
:doc:`the documents a salesperson can access <voip_widget>` during a call.

The salesperson can also take some actions during the call:

- :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(transfer)`: Transfer a call to another team member.
- :icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`(microphone)`: The salesperson can mute themselves during a call.
- :icon:`fa-pause` :guilabel:`(pause)`: Place the caller on hold.

.. image:: use_case_sales/voip-widget-call.png
   :alt: The VoIP widget opened to a call, showing the shortcut icons a salesperson has access to.

Handle call follow-ups
----------------------

The |VOIP| widget can handle some common follow-up tasks, but salespeople can still navigate Odoo
for tasks not available in the widget.

Here are some of the common follow-up tasks that can be managed from the |VOIP| widget:

- Send a follow-up email sharing new product offerings to the customer using the :icon:`fa-envelope`
  :guilabel:`(envelope)` icon.
- Update the customer's mailing address by clicking on the :icon:`fa-user` :guilabel:`(user)` icon,
  which opens their profile.

> - Schedule a second call with the customer by clicking on the :icon:`fa-clock`:guilabel:`(clock)` ,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Schedule a second call with the customer by clicking the :icon:`fa-clock` :guilabel:`(clock)` icon,
```

  setting the :guilabel:`Activity Type` field to :guilabel:`Call`, and then filling out the rest of
  the form.

Send a quotation while on a call
--------------------------------

If the customer's ready to see a sales quotation while on the call, the salesperson can send that
quotation without leaving the call.

To send a quotation while on a call, the salesperson should be in the sales opportunity they

> initiated the call from. From here, they'll :doc:`send the quotation as they normally would

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
initiated the call from. From here, they will :doc:`send the quotation as they normally would
```

<../../sales/sales/sales_quotations/create_quotations>`.

> An added benefit of being on the call with the customer while the salesperson is sending the the
> quotation is that any specific questions are answered in real-time.

Reviewer 2: (optional) brevity
```suggestion
By sending the quotation during the call, the salesperson can answer questions immediately.
```

End the sales call
------------------

When it is time to end the call, the salesperson clicks the red :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)`
icon in the lower-right corner of the |VOIP| widget. When they do, the call is logged in the
opportunity's chatter.

If they have not done so already, the salesperson then marks the phone call activity as done.

> Navigate to the opportunity's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section, then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do so, navigate to the opportunity's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section, then
```
